Static Testing is a type of software testing in which software application is tested without code execution. Manual or automated reviews of code, requirement documents and document design are done in order to find the errors. The main objective of static testing is to improve the quality of software applications by finding errors in early stages of software development process.

Static testing involves manual or automated reviews of the documents. This review is done during an initial phase of testing to catch Defect early in STLC. It examines work documents and provides review comments. It is also called Non-execution testing or verification testing.

Examples of Work documents-

Requirement specifications
Design document
Source Code
Test Plans
Test Cases
Test Scripts
Help or User document
Web Page content
What is Dynamic Testing?
Under Dynamic Testing, a code is executed. It checks for functional behavior of software system, memory/cpu usage and overall performance of the system. Hence the name “Dynamic”

The main objective of this testing is to confirm that the software product works in conformance with the business requirements. This testing is also called an Execution technique or validation testing.

Dynamic testing executes the software and validates the output with the expected outcome. Dynamic testing is performed at all levels of testing and it can be either black or white box testing.

KEY DIFFERENCE
Static testing was done without executing the program whereas Dynamic testing is done by executing the program.
Static testing checks the code, requirement documents, and design documents to find errors whereas Dynamic testing checks the functional behavior of software system, memory/CPU usage and overall performance of the system.
Static testing is about the prevention of defects whereas Dynamic testing is about finding and fixing the defects.
Static testing does the verification process while Dynamic testing does the validation process.
Static testing is performed before compilation whereas Dynamic testing is performed after compilation.
Static testing techniques are structural and statement coverage while Dynamic testing techniques are Boundary Value Analysis & Equivalence Partitioning.